Add tutorials for blend animation and retargeting (#6322)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/assets_pipeline/retargeting_3d_skeleton.rst

> .. _doc_retargeting_3d_skeleton:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _doc_retargeting_3d_skeletons:
```

independently.

Skeleton has the Transform values necessary for the default pose as Bone Rest.
If Bone Pose is equal to Bone Rest, it means that the Skeleton is in the default pose.

.. note:: Godot 3.x and Godot 4.0+ have different Bone Pose behaviors.
          In Godot 3.x, Bone Pose is relative to Bone Rest, but in Godot 4.0+,
          it includes Bone Rest. See the `article <https://godotengine.org/article/animation-data-redesign-40>`__.

Skeletal models have different Bone Rests depending on the environment from
which they were exported. For example, the bones of a glTF model output from Blender
have Edit Bone Orientation as the Bone Rest rotation. However, there are skeletal
models without any Bone Rest rotations, such as the glTF model output from Maya.

To share animations in Godot, it is necessary to match Bone Rests as well as Bone Names,
moreover to remove unwanted tracks in some cases. In Godot 4.0+, you can do that workflow
on the scene importer.

Options for Retarget
--------------------

Bone Map
~~~~~~~~

When you select the Skeleton3D node on the scene importer, you can find the Retarget
section on the inspector.

.. image:: img/retargeting1.png

> Therefore, first set up a new BoneMap and SkeletonProfile. Godot has a preset SkeletonProfileHumanoid for humanoid models. This tutorial proceed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the Skeleton node selected in the importer, first set up a new BoneMap and SkeletonProfile. Godot has a preset SkeletonProfileHumanoid for humanoid models. This tutorial will proceed
```

With SkeletonProfileHumanoid, ``scale_base_bone`` is Hips, therefore the Hips' height is used as the Motion Scale.

Overwrite Axis
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Unifies the models' Bone Rest by overwriting it to match the Reference Pose defined in the SkeletonProfile.

.. note:: This is the most important option for sharing animations in Godot 4.0+, but be aware that this option can produce horrible results **if the original Bone Rest set externally is important**. If you want to share animations with keeping the original Bone Rest, consider to use the `Realtime Retarget Module <https://github.com/TokageItLab/realtime_retarget>`__.

Fix Silhouette
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Makes the model silhouette closer to the Reference Pose silhouette defined in the SkeletonProfile. This may not work well if the silhouettes are too different or for fixing roll.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attempts to make the model's silhouette match that of the reference pose defined in the SkeletonProfile, such as T-Pose. This cannot fix silhouettes which are too different, and it may not work for fixing bone roll.
```

> With SkeletonProfileHumanoid, this option does not need to be enabled for T-pose models, but should be enabled for A-pose models. However in that case, the fixed foot results may be bad depends on the heel height of the model, so it may be necessary to specify the bone names of the SkeletonProfile in the Filter for which you do not want to fix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With SkeletonProfileHumanoid, this option does not need to be enabled for T-pose models, but should be enabled for A-pose models. However in that case, the fixed foot results may be bad depending on the heel height of the model, so it may be necessary to add the SkeletonProfile bone names you do not want fixed in the Filter array, as in the below example.
```
